Here it is.
Is that $100 billion contract real?
Why don't you agree?
Misu, are you sure?
The previous 100 billion contracts
I see you
Will it be tens of billions or billions?
Miss, the amount he wrote is written on the back.
How could I be wrong?
100 billion
It's really for me.
Of course, really.
They say Qi Tian is a liar
100 billion, do you know how many collars are behind 100 billion?
You know
How many families can come up with 100 billion?
All the directors here are the best of the business world
Is this contract genuine?
Directors, please take a look for me.
Naturally you will know
Ah!
That's really Buddha's impression.
This is the impression of the Buddha.
This one is from the Lord himself
Billions before royal business
Easy enough to become chairperson
Kiki
You are a waste and a liar
Directors, don't be deceived by him
If you don't leave, I'll be alone
Then don't blame me for the dead net crane